Rebecca. . . you are the prettiest girl in Brooklyn.
Thank you Sir Jeffers.
Will you accompany me to the mysterious wedding today?
. . . no.
But . . . but Rebecca . . . I love you.
I love you too.
I LOVEEEEEEEEEEE YOUUUUUUUUU . . .
Marry me Rebecca ! ! ! !
No . . .
Why?!
I . . .
I don't love you.
Whoopsies . . . .
REBECCA! ! ! !ACHOO ! ! ! !
I am in love with another.
Who is this mannnnnnnnnnnnn ! ! ! !
He . . . Is . . .You.
I loooove you !
Marry me Rebecca ! ! ! !
No . . .
REBECCA !!!!
I am in love with your brother . . .
Chad? . . . I'll kill him when I find him ! ! !
OR!
He will . . .
Find . . .
YOU ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
CHAD ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The mysterious wedding has
been our wedding all along ! ! !
Rebecca and I are getting wed at the wedding today ! ! ! !
YOU! Are not invited ! ! ! ! !
Will you be my best man?
Of course, brother ! ! ! ! I hate you so much . . .
Goodbye brother . . . I'll see you at the bachelor party.
Goodbye Sir Jeffers . . . I will always love you
Rebecca . . .